README: added in instructions for encoding passwords (#77)
cockroachdb/molt: README.md

GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 go build -v -o artifacts/molt .
```

## Encoding passwords

> If your password contains [special characters](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Percent-encoding), the MOLT tooling may not be able to parse the password. In the event that this happens, here is what you should do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your password contains [special characters](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Percent-encoding), the MOLT tooling may not be able to parse the password. In the event that this happens, you should:
```

Author: Done!

  --target 'postgresql://root@127.0.0.1:26257/defaultdb?sslmode=disable'
```

> See `molt verify --help` for all available parameters. Make sure that your connection strings are properly encoded [(instructions)](#encoding-passwords).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See `molt verify --help` for all available parameters. Make sure that your connection strings are [properly encoded](#encoding-passwords).
```

Author: Done!

### Example invocations

> Make sure that your connection strings are properly encoded [(instructions)](#encoding-passwords).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that your connection strings are [properly encoded](#encoding-passwords).
```

Author: Done!

- Run the tests: `go test ./...`.
  - Data-driven tests can be run with `-rewrite`, e.g. `go test ./verification -rewrite`.

## Notes

> ### Encoding Passwords

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Encoding passwords
```

Author: Done

> If your password contains special characters, there is chance that the MOLT tooling will not be able to parse. In the event that this happens, here is what you should do:

Reviewer 2: Is this only for the case where the password is embedded in the url? IIUC, if we have plan to let verify tool be accessed via some other interfaces (such as some UI console), this might not be a blocker?

Reviewer 3: Correct, this is a problem when passed in via a full url. If we do it like we do for the SCT credentials flow and build out the conn string, we can safely escape things.

Author: Exactly as Jeremy mentioned. However, I think that escaping would be at the layer where we receive the HTTP or gRPC request, before we even pass it over to the `molt` tooling. 

Given that we don't have a web UI just yet for this, we should give a heads up to customers who are using the CLI version with a conn string.

Reviewer 3: I feel like we should move this section up before the sample invocations bit.

Author: I moved it up to the top!

> If your password contains special characters, there is chance that the MOLT tooling will not be able to parse. In the event that this happens, here is what you should do:

Reviewer: Can we specify exactly which special characters are problematic?

```suggestion
If your password contains special characters, the MOLT tooling may not be able to parse the password. In the event that this happens, here is what you should do:
```

Author: Did this instead: 
```
If your password contains [special characters](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Percent-encoding), the MOLT tooling may not be able to parse the password. In the event that this happens, here is what you should do:
```

> 1. Percent/URL encode the password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Percent/URL-encode the password.
```

> 2. Substitute the password back into your connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the encoded password in your connection string.
```

```

> # Original String

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Original connection string
```

postgres://postgres:a$52&@localhost:5432/replicationload

> # Percent Encoded Password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Percent-encoded password
```

%3Aa%2452%26

> # Percent Encoded String

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Percent-encoded connection string
```
